PT-903 Patch platform-data to prevent from Android bug to happen (#35)
mdblp/platform: CHANGELOG.md

# Platform 
The Tidepool platform API

## unreleased
### Fixed

> - PT-9.3 Patch platform-data to prevent from Android bug to happen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PT-903 Patch platform-data to prevent an Android bug to happen
```
